0.  2**24, 256 colours for animated GIF, BMP might be up to 2**32.
1.  GIF, PNG.
2.  With lossless compression you do not lose any information, nothing is discarded and you will have
    the original quality of the image, while image itself will take less space. It just rearranges bits
    of the file in fancier and smarter way, something like archives do. And you can restore original data from
    data in lossless-compressed file.
3.  JPEG.
4.  When the operating system erases a FAT file, two things occur. First, the system modifies the filename’s 
    first character in the file’s directory entry to signal that the file has been deleted and that the
    directory entry can be recycled. Second, the system moves all of the file’s FAT clusters to the hard 
    drive’s list of free clusters. The actual file data is never touched.
5.  Delete everything you wanted to hide and then fill your Hard drive with new files to it's full capacity.
    That will ensure that everything that has ever been deleted is overwritten and cannot be recovered.
6.  Header that declares sets of integer types with specified widths, and defines corresponding 
    sets of macros.
7.  To fit sequences of bits in bitmap file in  properly sized integer variable in our 
    program (copy.c) according to what each sequence means in BMP file format.
8.  BYTE - 1, DWORD - 4, a LONG - 4, WORD -2.
9.  424d.
10. biSize - DIB Header size, bfSize - file size.
11. The height of the bitmap, in pixels. If biHeight is positive, the bitmap is a bottom-up DIB and 
    its origin is the lower-left corner.
    If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB and its origin is the upper-left corner.
12. biBitCount
13. Permission issues, or not enough space.
14. We read data from our file into one structure at a time.
15. 3
16. Sets the position indicator associated with the stream to a new position.
    the 3d argument represents the origin point for the function, and  the second 
    arg is offset from origin. (jump over)
17. SEEK_CUR, macro, gives current position in file which we are reading .
18. What manner of creature is that?
